In the last lecture we have managed to load the nice dataset we have managed to reshape the features
to make it compatible with tens or flow.
Ok then we use something very very similar to minimax normalization in order to transform the feature
values within the range 0 and 1.
And we use one halt in coding for the output classes.
OK if we want to build a convolutional on our network again we can use the seek Paschall.
So let's instantiate this class.
It's going to be the model and then we are able to audit the given layers.
First of all we can order a convolutional layer with 32 features.
What does it mean.
So this is the original image.
And with the help of the filters or kernels we are able to end up with several feature maps.
So basically the number of theaters we apply is going to yield the number of feature maps in the next
layer.
So in this case we use 32 theaters and the size of the theater is going to be three pixels by three
pixels.
So this is what we have been discussing in the previous lecture that we are going to use a feature detector
in order to scan the original image and a feature detector is going to have given the weird and a given
haith.
So this is why we define three by three so the size of the theater is three pixels by three pixels.
You may pose the question that was going to be tried.
So we have been talking about that on every iteration.
We are going to shift the given theater one step to the right and after we have considered all the pixels
in a given row we are going to increment the location of the detector in a vertical manner as well.
In this case we shaved the feature detector.
One big slit to the right and the one pixel downwards.
This is called the stride.
Here we do not have to specify the stride because if we take a look at the documentation of Cara's Slayers
convert to the you can see that there is a default value for strides which is 1 and 1.
So one pixel to the right and one piece downwards.
This is exactly what we have been discussing in a topical section.
OK the input shape is going to be 28 by 28 by one because the inputs are images like this.
As you can see 28 big Selway 28 big so hate and one for the channel.
If we are dealing with a red green blue image is so colored images theres going to be three channels
but now we are dealing with great skill images with just a single channel.
What's important that we can use this batch normalization which normalizes the activations in the previous
layer after the convolutional phase.
So with the half of this batch normalization or batch transformation we can maintain the mean activation
close to zero and the standard deviation close to 1.
So basically the scale of each dimension remains the same.
Why is it good because it significantly reduce the running time of the training procedure.
OK so this is why we use this batch normalization then we are going to use another convolutional layer
with 32 filters and the size of the filters are going to be three pixels by three pixels with the red
you activation function.
Sorry for that.
We use the activation function really for the first convolutional layer as well that we use a maximum
pooling layer with the pool size 2 and 2.
OK so the maximum pooling is going to take a two by two window and it is going to get the maximum value
the value of the maximum pixel within this given window.
OK then we shifted the window two steps to the right.
So with the help of maximum pooling we can select the most relevant features.
This is how we can deal with spatial invariants that we just care about the most relevant features.
For example here we would like to find the most relevant features for a cat.
We don't care about the size of the image.
We don't care about the rotation.
We don't care whether the image has been scaled or not.
So this is called spatial invariants and this is why we like maximum pooling.
OK so the pooling size is going to be two pixels by two pixels.
As we have seen in the theoretical section then again we use Bache normalization.
Then again a convolutional layer with 64 filters a size of a good filter again is three pixels by three
pixels really activation function Bache normalization DNA convolutional aliar again and a maximum pooling
layer then we use flat this is what we have been discussing as well.
Finally we have to use flattening in order to end up with a one dimensional array.
Why is it good.
Because these values are going to be the input values for the fully connected feedforward.
Now we're on network.
So basically flattening is going to take the values 2 to 1 2 to 1 as you can see then the values in
the next row are going to be the next values in this one dimensional array 1 3 0 1 3 0.
As you can see then the next 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 as you can see.
So we are going to create a one dimensional array out of these two dimensional matrix in order to be
able to use feedforward network of networks with a given input layer.
So that's why we need a flattening layer then we use batched normalization again and we use densely
connected feet fordable.
Now we're all in that work as you can see it is going to have a dense hidden layer with 512 now rowans
and rail activation function.
Okay the output layer is going to be a densely connected layer weighed 10 in our roans of course 10
and now we're on because we have 10 output classes deactivation function is going to be soft Max.
And we are going to use drop out with 0.2 peramivir.
Basically this dropout is an inexpensive regularisation method that helps to avoid overfitting in machine
learning as well as in artificial intelligence.
So dropout means we the activation Unforgiven no run to be zero.
Temporarily and it works so well.
It still has degraded and descent matter.
So usually we apply dropout in the hidden layer exclusively which means that we simply omit.
Now rowans we do give them probability.
OK so in this case the probability is zero that too as you can see and basically drop out is able to
prevent adaptation.
Among detectors which had drive better generalization in a given model which means that it is able to
reduce overfitting.
OK so we use this dropout rate paramita 0.2.
We just have to compile the modal Red Cross and truculence function.
And Adam optimizer and we have to train in our role and that work on the training data set with a bat
size 128 way to appliques wader validation data that we are going to use that tests that as a validation
dataset and where both Bose's equals to arm.
OK.
So let's evaluate the model on the test dataset and let's print out the accuracy.
And as you can see the accuracy is 99 percent which is extremely fine.
So this is why we like deep now our own networks and convolutional now.
And that works especially because we are able to achieve very very good accuracy 99 percent for high
end of it and in get classification.
Thanks for watching.